https://telma.com.mk/2023/05/14/evopskoto-ne-ne-ja-premisluva-vladata-za-pette-zakoni-so-evropsko-znamence/____###DELIMITER###____The European  "no" thinks of the government for the five laws with a European flag. The European  "no" thinks of the government for the five laws with a European flag. Prime Minister Dimitar Kovacevski is still without direct response to the question of whether the government has come forward with the European Commission to put a European flag on the five laws being made to realise the agreement with..Bechtel and Enka, to speed up the construction of sections of Corridors 8 and 10D highways, a move by the government that Brussels has reached clearly from Brussels. I have communication not only with the EU delegation, but also daily communication with the US Embassy, as confirmed yesterday by State Department High Representative Mr. Escobar. We explained that we would no longer allow the cutting of the assembly because there have been only blockades in the Parliament for two years. Citizens do not need roadblocks and moderators highways, Kovachevski said. In the meantime, the first of the five bills to be given the European flag to pass the assembly procedure faster, the Labour Law concluded a two-day debate with the European Affairs Commission, and tomorrow after two days of debate is also followed by the remaining four drafts of urban planning, for construction, for expropriation and for establishing public interest and nominating a strategic partner. Prime Minister Kovacevski is determined that the laws in the Assembly will be passed, and whether the country's president, Stevo Pendarovski, will sign his stance that the head of state is a lawyer who is sure to analyse the laws. The president of the state is a lawyer, law professor. There must be some extremely experienced lawyers in his Cabinnet, which I highly value. And certainly through an analysis of the laws that have been submitted, he will eventually give his final word someday, Kovacevski says. The president's office on Thelma informs that they do not have the draft laws and that the head of state's stance will see the laws once the procedure is completed for them in the Parliament, that is, after they are voted in by lawmakers. Unaku said ten days ago Pendarovski would not put his signature on the Labour Law if he envisioned a working week longer than 40 hours, explaining that last year the Constitutional Court had already produced another law with such a provision as unconstitutional. Tamara Grncharo
